when we find ourselves, according to the magazine, the 84-year-old suspect
fc utrecht he has according to second club of the netherlands blind stand for in the
brought to life
They were able to transport the specially for the blind to report the match
watching football are blind
at first glance that seems to contradict each other
actually a pity
I think for that too it's a matter of responsibility
take
result of a boat tasting in the stadium
convincing way not yet arrived
that was went in the past
I like it because the
the woman is covered, this improves the job
immediately after studying the field with a transfer
and also be
then by a unique party to respond but you remember very well at the
height of the plans
how to find the players
jan offside meetings of course to ahold very nice album
I have two this past week
wytske van dijk it was she pulls better i was there in the country
2 he received but it is a bit to come to himself so we go for it
that you as a reporter of the British news agency extra on
but try as much as possible on the internet you are trying the government
be a bad idea soon i have i think the
actually i'm gonna try to explain the club and the unions i hook up
the T-shirt
the area banners he was trying to come up on details actually this means
what we are already thinking and that will certainly also come after questions from the blind man
been
I am not quite sure yet thirty
the girl trio babe playing with her parents
the cabinet has revealed more talent of the year yes those are the ones he does
only four orchestras left behind on the radio
that is already much smaller than in October
club activity geoff willis much more time
yes you have to make sense
the social opportunities
the dsf channel and the combination thereof
every advantage is that a solution is offered
so we are going now
realize
hand the better teams came into the debate i'm i think it's not fact
but this will not go up but decides the stock market drove back to not
much for this case with a black dress mark completely repels the men
but it is more difficult in that sense with the police already let it be known
You can never get a debate in that
in April this moment reached the time
to give this out what to think about once passing a free ball
an injury treatment indeed a little game is tried
to cite and there hit this time to take steps against actually quite
exhausting
You have to put so many details into law
You want the law to continue according to damage too quickly
that you cannot fully follow the race because it is like that in a light
had a say
He praises that he must go elsewhere
I don't know all players so you want to do as well as possible for those people
artistic world itself in the world the price is ready to go
after exactly opposite the side of RTV Utrecht
he could start the team's trainer
9 9 among others the electoral list of course also the defender godfather
wisgerhof for peace according to the cd v
Bruges will
well so much
the left side of the helmond field
4 that will come
interestx floron hart I worked hard
actually i could not have had it cold on
even though it wasn't necessary
the tilburgers are welcome i am very disappointed when an effective one except
Houtkampweg banking sector up
hopefully we can actually find better lemelerveld there
what does germany do
currently considering the work fruit campaign introduce her right
well i also think it has imf and the eu i hope we have of course
if blind people want to come and watch a football match in this way
should they do that?
the basically nothing for teams
they can submit a request to fc utrecht
of course also mainly to come hospital are provided with one of
a radio
and they then have
recently two and reporters who have volunteered to it immediately
to do a report for these people and they can then watch the match live
that you hear with radio
then they can follow in the gallery in the gallery
Apeldoorn even more life
the government I do have the roads the public prosecutor of dendermonde
to the final about the maker of utrecht against twente that means there to
has done little
yes okay
the coincidence I have there is the first
the broadcast is those that wish
who are blind to drive on and who are blind who is in the Vlietwijk in the
street years there are all sorts of possible ways we want those people anyway
to do extras
and the woman would not be able to play football, of course I have a supervisor
required
and if we can be an extra incentive there and that with an extra
able to deliver is that the world products for